---
layout: page
title: CODECHECK NL Workshop 1
permalink: /nl-workshop1/
---

### Our first workshop will be held in Delft, May 30th 2014.



Are you a researcher in engineering interested in reproducible code
and Open Science? We have the perfect opportunity for you! 
 
As part of our newly launched NWO project CHECK-NL, we are looking for
researchers from the field of engineering at a Dutch knowledge
institution or university who would like their papers or projects to
be “codechecked” during a live, one-day code-checking workshop on 30th
May 2024.  A codecheck is a light-touch independent peer review to
check that your code and data can generate the computational results
in your paper or project (see more details at
https://codecheck.org.uk/process/). 

You can participate as a codechecker (i.e., a person reviewing code),
or by submitting your own work to be checked (or both if you are up
for it!)

Our first workshop will be at the X-building in TU Delft. Anyone from
engineering sciences is welcome to participate at the
workshop. Participation is free of cost and includes lunch. We have
limited funding (on a first come, first served basis) for reimbursing
train tickets for PhD (non-AiO) students.

If you cannot make this workshop, there will be further opportunities
later in the year as we plan three more workshops around the
Netherlands.


What do I get?  

A codechecker will work with you during the session to check whether
your code and data can be run by others to generate the same or
similar results. 

The codechecker will work with you to resolve any issues found during
the codecheck, and make your code as reproducible as possible! 

Upon completion, your paper will receive a codecheck certificate that
confirms your results could be reproduced.  This can be shared, for
example, with potential journal editors, to enhance the visibility and
reproducibility of your work.  

By participating, you contribute towards making science more open and
transparent AND increase the visibility of your own research! 


Sounds good! What should I do?  

Are you interested in submitting code or data for this event, and help
contribute to promoting code reproducibility? Send an email
to codechecknl@gmail.com by 30th April 2024 with a brief description
of your paper/project, and links to your code and data. This could be
code related to: 

- A paper that you have recently published  

- A preprint that is publicly available  

- Code and results files that have been or will be deposited in a
repository, preferably GitHub or GitLab 

In each case, the code and data underlying the paper should be openly
available, or you plan to make them available once the paper is
published.

Selected papers/projects will be notified in early May 2024. 


Would you instead like to participate in the workshop and learn how to
become a codechecker? All participants are invited to register on the
event page and join the workshop.
